Let's enhance this little application a little more. Let's say we have a title,
h1 title and here I will output title,
remember this is just hello world. In say hello I will obviously do the same
even though I call a function, now in this function, let's say I will set this title equal to just hello
like this. If I now hit control,
well we see hello twice obviously because when we execute say hello, we're overwriting the value of title,
we're setting it to just hello,
so we're outputting hello in both places.
Now what if in the title, we wanted to stick to the first initial value title had and don't want to change
this if it changes later in our code like it does here? We can do this,
there is another directive vuejs ships with which we can attach to an html element which holds an interpolation
like this one which is called v-once. By adding this to an element, all the content inside of this element
will only be rendered once, it will not be updated if it changes later on, like here where we change it
in a later place.
If I now hit control enter you see hello world
because it keeps the initial value, it doesn't adjust once it is overridden. You may have examples
in your application where you want this behavior and v-once then makes it very easy to stick to the initial
value and not use any other values this property might take at a later point of time.